Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Eerie sound]
[Electric sound]
[Birds chirping]
My grandma told me I have a gift.
I can see things others can’t.
Also I can move anywhere in time.
The future and the past.
My past has many secrets.
I’ve learned that I can’t change the past.
but I can take something from it.
[Rumble sound]
[Emma]
The boy hears the dead woman moving
around down stairs.
The woman's eyes glow red as the moves
through the house looking for him.
[Moaning sounds]
Footsteps can be heard moving up the
stairs.
The house shakes with each step.
[Eerie sound]
The boy can hear the dead woman's voice
getting louder and louder.
[Breathing sounds]
He pulls the covers over his head hoping
she won't find him.
The boy holds the flashlight against his
chest.
The loud footsteps slowly move down the
hallway.
The footsteps get closer...
Closer.
And closer.
[Loud thump]
[Emma laughing]
[Quinn]
That didn't scare me.
Yeah it did.
[MOM]
You two go to bed.
You guys have school tomorrow.
[Thud]
[Emma]
Laughing.
I scared you.
No! Go to sleep Emma.
[Emma]
Hey. I didn't finish the story.
Mom is going to get mad.
[Quinn]
Go to bed Emma.
Emma.
Did you hear me?
[Emma]
The door slowly opens.
[Door Latch turns]
[Door creaks]
[Thud]
[Electric static]
[News reporter talks]
[Emma]
The last time I saw my brother was the
night he disappeared.
[Emma]
Quins face was on every news channel in
Shasta.
[Emma]
He was the missing boy who vanished in
thin air.
[Emma]
I don’t remember much about that night.
There were no signs of a break in and all
the doors and windows were locked
[Emma] When the news started
to lose interest about my brother's
disappearance and began following
the other stories of missing people.
[Emma]
I would spend most of my time in my room
away from my mom.
[Emma]
That's when my mom and Drifted apart.
Her spirit was broken just like mine.
[Emma]
We lost a huge part of us the night he
went missing.
[TV static]
[Emma]
I miss my brother. I miss hearing his
laugh.
[Emma]
We did everything together.
I always had his back and he always had
mine.
[Emma]
He’s always on my mind. I dream about
him often.
[Emma]
I enjoy falling asleep so I can escape
reality.
[Kids laughing]
[Emma]
Sometimes I would have bad dreams.
I would hear my brother’s voice
calling to me.
[Corn rustling]
[Quinn]
Where are you?
I can't find you.
[Quinn]
I'm scared.
Help me.
[Emma] He always sounded
scared and alone. I'm
always alone in the dreams.
I could never find him.
[Emma]
And then I would wake up.
[Leaves rustling]
[Emma]
I had to move in with my Grandma after my
mom fell into depression.
[Emma] My grandma was
special to me. she helped
me open up about everything
that was bothering me.
[Grandma and Emma laughing]
[Emma]
My Grandma has been alone since my
grandpa disappeared around Mount Shasta.
[Grandma]
That's really good. You're a good cook.
[Emma] He went missing
around the same time my
brother disappeared. We
lost two loved ones that year.
[Wind blowing]
[Emma] My Grandma would spend most of her
nights watching my
Grandpa’s research vlogs.
[Emma] My Grandma believed
something inside Mount Shasta took
Grandpa and my brother. She
believes the lemurians took them.
[Jack Widmer] Good
morning. I hope you all can hear
me. I’m using a new camera
and I hope it's working.
Today is Sunday. February 27th.
It's about six in the morning and a
beautiful morning. You can see Mount
Shasta behind me. isn't she gorgeous.
I just want to say hi to my loving wife
Barbara.
She's usually by my side
during these explorations. but
she hasn't been feeling
to well for the last two days.
About two hours from now I'll be
exploring the baseline of Mount Shasta.
And I hope to find the lost city
entrance of Telos.
I need to be careful. The
energy around here can
change rather quickly
if I cause a disturbance.
I'll using special equipment to locate
any of the tunnels within the mountain.
The Lemurians were well known for using a
complex vast tunnel system to get around.
I'll be video documenting
my way to Mount Shasta. And I
hope to capture some
interesting sightings in the sky.
They can be very curious when they want
to be.
This is Jack Widmer signing out.
[Emma]
Lemurians
My Grandma told me Lumerians
are a highly evolved spiritual race
who live in an underground city
11 miles deep within Mount Shasta.
Some people have claimed the city is full
of gold and shields and powerful crystals.
The city is called Telos. This city
houses 200.000 lemurians.
Today many people flock to Mt. Shasta.
Some people have reported
hearing low frequency
sound coming from the
peak of the mountain.
while others have witnessed bright lights
moving around the mountain.
It’s these types of mysteries that have
made my grandparents search for the truth.
While Grandpa was focused
on the search for lemurians
my Grandma was more
interested in other phenomenon.
By the way my Grandma. like my Grandpa is
different and always
thinks outside the box.
She believes in anything from Bigfoot to
UFOs crop circles and time travel.
You name it. my Grandma has researched
it all.
[Emma]
Video feedback loop.
This involves a video
camera connected to a TV
monitor that creates
looping pattern interference.
Paranormal investigators use this
technique because they believe the
video feedback helps energy from
other dimensions connect with the living.
My Grandma has been working on this
concept ever since my grandpa
disappeared.
[TV static]
[Emma] Every night she
tries to make contact with him.
Waiting for any sign to come
through. an image or his voice.
[Grandma]
I know you can do. just say my name.
Say my name.
Jack. say my name
Please say my name.
Say my name.
Jack. say my name.
I know you can do it Jack.
Can you hear me? If you can
hear my. say my name.
[Sigh]
Say my name. just say my name.
I know you can do it Jack. just
say my name.
[Sigh]
[TV static]
[Grandpa]
Barbara!
When I was 9 years old my
Grandma used the The video
feedback on me to help me
to astral travel to the unknown.
[Grandma]
Let's begin.
You're safe now.
I want you to focus only on my voice.
You are a traveler
You are now free from this world
Free from everything.
You see a door.
This door will open secrets
only you will see.
You are not afraid.
You see yourself moving closer and closer.
When I count to three. the door will open.
One.
Two.
Three.
What do you see?
[Loud static boom]
[Emma humming]
[Emma playing sounds]
That was the first time I met Cyan.
After my first astral trip this spirit
became a part of my life.
[Emma playing sound]
My Grandma believes this female
presence is my spirit guide or
guardian angel.
[Cyan]
May I play?
[Emma]
Cyan?
I decided to call this spirit Cyan
because it was my favorite color.
Cyan was always playful and sneaky.
[Cyan]
Emma.
Other times she’s was quiet and
distant. I could never figure her out.
[Cyan]
Over here.
Most of the time Cyan
would come to me in my
dreams when it was a
clear and starry night out.
I believe Cyan was trying to show me
something.
♪♪♪♪
[Fireworks popping]
When I turned eleven Cyan started
to become more present in my life
Our favorite game was hide and
seek. My brother didn't believe
in Cyan.
She never showed herself to the
rest of my family.
[Cyan counting]
[Firework pop]
[Cyan]
Ready or not here I come.
[Fireworks popping]
[Cyan]
Make a sound.
[Emma]
Howls.
[Door latch clicks]
[♪Eerie music]
[Emma]
When I turned twelve my dreams
started to become very vivid.
I would have lucid dreams that
allow me to astral travel more freely.
I would find myself back at home
with my brother before the lights
would come.
The luminance light would always find me.
[Emma and Quinn laughing]
[Deep rumbling]
I always woke up from the lights
with something in my hand.
[Emma]
Astral travel.
It’s basically an out of
body experience where
the astral body separates
from the physical body.
When this happens you can travel
outside the physical body
throughout the universe.
[Windy breeze]
I astral travel about 3 times a week.
Cyan is always there to guide me.
[Soft rumbling]
[Wind echo]
[Air blowing hard]
[Birds chirping]
I always choose to go somewhere
around nature.
Cyan tags along most of the time.
[Spark]
I always find something new waiting
for me in the woods.
[Rumbling]
[Strange echos]
[Emma] A year after my
brother disappeared. my mother
took me camping to help escape
from the memories at home.
This was the last time I saw Cyan.
[Cyan]
Emma.
Oh there you are.
[Cyan]
I want to show you something.
Come on Emma.
[Cyan]
I'll be waiting for you.
Look up at the stars.
[Cyan]
This is all for you.
Follow me.
[Cyan]
Don't be scared Emma.
[Emma]
Cyan!
Where are you!
[Cyan]
Follow my voice.
[Crickets] chirping]
[Wind blows]
[Cyan]
You're getting warmer.
[Emma]
Cyan!
[Cyan]
Keeping walking Emma
You're almost there.
[Cyan]
I'm waiting for you.
[Radio static]
[Cyan]
You need to see this.
[Engine sound]
[Rumbling]
[Radio static]
[Emma] I heard her
calling me into the darkness
and I followed her
voice through the night.
until I was afraid to go any further...
something didn’t feel right.
I lost Cyan that night.
[Emma]
My Grandma continues on where
my Grandfather left off.
trying to find out about the lemurians.
She has been researching cases
around Mount Shasta.
Most of the evidence
is photographs of light
patterns near the peak of Mount Shasta.
[Slide projector clicking]
[Film projector running]
[Emma]
A hunter captured this video near
the base of Shasta.
[Emma]
This one was recorded in McCloud.
Recently she got a phone video
from a family gathering near
Mount Shasta.
[Emma]
My Grandma believes the energy
around Shasta is growing stronger.
[Emma]
She believes the energy can
cause mental disturbance.
She believes the lemurians have
taken my Grandpa and my brother.
She thinks they are somewhere
deep inside Mount Shasta.
[Wind]
My brother and Grandfather
weren't the only ones who
disappeared.
Three other people vanished
near mount Shasta.
She believes a pattern of
disappearance started in 1983.
Five people disappeared around
Weed California.
Eleven years later in 1994 five
people disappeared in Mount Shasta.
In 2005 five more people
disappeared in McCloud.
2016 five more people disappeared
including my brother and Grandpa.
Sage Martin. Alex Hayden. Logan Douglas.
Jack Widmer and Quinn Rose.
Every eleven years five people would
vanish without a trace around Mount
Shasta.
My Grandma believed the lemurians
were abducting people every eleven
years.
A portal was created by the lemurians
to allow the chosen ones to enter.
Grandma said my Grandpa and brother
are somewhere inside the mountain.
That somehow they must
have entered the portal
and the lemurians are holding them there.
The first to go missing was a young
boy named Sage Martin.
[Rain falling]
[Piano tone]
[Sage laughing]
[Sage]
Do it again.
[Piano tone]
[Sage laughing]
[Sage]
Again.
[Electric static]
[Mother]
Sage?
[Sage?]
[Piano tone]
[Dail tone]
[Phone hangs up]
[Emma]
The second to go missing was a
young man driving along highway 88.
[Car engine]
[Radio changing]
[Car horn. skidding]
[Big splash]
[Muffled car horn]
A young boy named
Logan Douglas went missing
during a vacation trip with his family.
[Logan]
Mom! Dad!
[Crickets chirping]
[Logan]
My phone is about to die.
you need to see this.
[Static]
[Logan]
Listen!
[Bass echos]
[Static]
[Loud rumbling. heavy breathing]
[Emma]
My Grandfather disappeared
doing what he liked to do best.
My grandfather disappeared doing
what he liked to do best.
Searching for the lost city of Telos.
[Static]
[Grandpa]
Talking about a great find.
Wow. look at this beauty.
You're looking at a lemurian crystal.
There's a strange sound around
here. a very strange sound.
[Static]
Oh wow! We have more company.
there's two up there now
[Rumbling]
I wish you could be here with me Barbara.
I hope you can see this.
And look over there. another one.
[Rumbling]
The third one is moving.
I can feel the light on me. it's
so amazing.
I can't tell what direction
they are moving.
[Static]
[Crickets chirping]
[Thump]
[Typing]
[TV Narrator]
Some people have encountered the
luminaries up close.
Back in 1994. Manuel Rose
was interviewed by a local
television station about his
experience near Mount Shasta.
What you are about to hear is
an actual video recording by
Manuel Rose.
This eerie sound has been reported
by many locals at Mount Shasta
around dusk.
The sound is usually
described as a low frequency
sound and only lasts
for a couple of minutes.
On day two. the Rose family
witnessed something strange.
a pattern of lights hovering
above Mount Shasta.
Luckily Manuel Rose took his 8mm
camera and captured that moment.
Just as quickly the lights appeared
they vanished moving in opposite
directions.
The rose family is native
to the Shasta area and have
been vacationing near mount
Shasta for the last 10 years.
1983 would be their last vacation
together.
Manuel Rose's son 13
year old James Rose went
missing on the third
day of their vacation.
While hiking near the base of Mount Shasta
Manuel and James lost
touch with each other.
It was the last time anyone saw
young James again.
Police and rangers scoured the
forest looking for James.
Manuel Rose describes to a television
crew in 1994
about a young woman who approached
deep in the woods while looking for
his son.
The woman was described as out
of place. looking angelic.
A local sketch artist created an
image of the mysterious woman.
Some people believe Manuel
crossed paths with a lemunian being.
One from nearby
towns reported recognizing
this person to be from the local area.
What do you believe?
[Electric shock]
[Grandma]
Oh God. where did you get this?
[Emma]
I don't know.
[Grandma]
This is important.
Come here.
[Emma]
My Grandma knew I had a powerful
gift when she saw the watch.
My Grandpa wore that watch on the
day he disappeared.
I told my Grandma everything
about my dreams and all the things
I was able to pull through
during my astral travel trips.
I was able to grab onto
something from the past.
A toy tire. a coin.
but this was different.
I told grandma everything
She told me I have a gift. not
a gift to astral travel but
astral travel back in time.
I can't change the past. but i have the
ability to bring something back.
Grandma knew a psychic from the area.
.
[Grandma]
Hi. hey. I need to bring my
granddaughter in to get a reading.
[Emma] Grandma knew a psychic
from the area who might be able to
help me understand more about
my gifts so she took me to see her.
I was nervous but willing to try anything.
[Grandma]
I appreciate it so much. Thank you.
thank you.
[Clock ticking]
[Psychic]
Okay. let's begin.
I want you to close your
eyes. take a few deep
breaths and focus on
the sound of my voice.
Push your thoughts out of your mind.
As you feel them drift further and further
away. you find yourself
floating in nothingness.
While you’re in this space. allow your
mind to focus on what you most
desire to know.
What are you searching for Emma?
What are you yearning to uncover?
Keep focusing on that feeling
and allow it to grow stronger.
You may open your eyes now.
Traditionally. the Star Card represents
inspiration.
renewed hope and a possibility for
rebirth after great struggle. change
and chaos.
For you. I sense that there is a
second meaning.
There is a messenger. a presenter of
sorts. she is searching for you.
She brings something wrapped in light that
unfortunately reveals
within it undesirable truths.
She is a beautiful spirit who is
surrounded in darkness.
She walks through the shadows
She is cosmic and wise.
She has been making
her way to you for many
years now and comes to
you with outstretched arms
She beckons you forward towards
your destiny.
While she doesn’t mean
to cause you any harm. the
truths she reveals bring
great emotional turmoil.
I want you to know that you have
the ability to move through this.
The pain and hardships that will
arise from this difficult encounter
act like a beacon of light
illuminating the path that
stretches out before you.
Even though the truth may hurt.
whatever she reveals to you
has great purpose.
I want you to remember that you
have what it takes to navigate through
this.
You have all you need to triumph.
[Emma]
Her friend pulled a card for me.
The card revealed that I indeed had
a spirit guide that was trying to
help me
and it was up to me to understand
what she was trying to show me.
My Grandma felt that. when I was
astral traveling.
that I was going through the portal that
all the missing people disappeared through.
because I was able to
bring back an object that
was with my Grandpa
the day he disappeared.
that maybe I would be able
to retrieve items from my
brother and the other three
people who had gone missing.
and prove to the world that anything
is possible.
This was something she could show
to the skeptics.
I had to prepare myself for the ultimate
trip.
I had to prepare myself for what’s
behind the wall of time.
My brother was waiting for me.
I was ready.
[TV switch click]
[Camera beeps]
The first person I was going to visit
was Sage Martin.
[Grandma]
You're safe now.
I want you to focus only on my voice.
You are a traveler.
You're now free from this world.
Free from everything.
[Piano tone]
[Sage Martin laughing]
[Sage]
Do it again.
[Piano tone]
[Sage]
Again.
[Electric static]
[Emma]
Now it was Logan Douglas turn.
[Crickets]
[Logan Douglas breathing heavily]
[Logan]
Somebody help me!
[Rumbling]
[Logan]
God help!
[Emma]
Now I was off to visit Alex Hayden.
[Muffled car horn]
[Water splashing]
[Emma] Every trip I was able to bring back
something. and now I was
ready to go even further.
It was time to get my brother.
[Grandma]
You're safe now.
I want you to focus only on my voice.
You are a traveler.
You're now free from this world.
Free from everything.
It's now June 4th. 2017
The time is 10:20 pm.
You're ten years old.
You're at that moment.
Safe at home.
You hear your brother's voice.
What do you see?
[Quinn]
Where are you?
[Emma laughing]
[Emma]
I scared you.
[Quinn]
No. go to sleep Emma.
[Emma]
Hey. I didn't finish the story.
[Quinn]
Mom is going to get mad.
Go to bed Emma.
[Mom]
You two go to bed. You guys
have school tomorrow.
[Quinn]
Did you hear me?
[Emma]
The door slowly opens.
[Door click]
[Door creaks]
[Emma]
Quinn!
[Rumbling]
[Electric static]
[Emma]
He's here!
[Grandma]
Who's here?
[Emma]
Quinn!
Quinn where are you?
[Emma]
Quinn come out.
[Grandma]
Emma. he didn't come through.
[Emma]
Yeah he did. I saw him
[Grandma]
He's not here.
[Emma]
He is here.
[Door knocking]
[Emma]
He's here!
Quinn!
[Grandma]
Oh my God!
You're safe. you're safe Quinn.
[Grandma]
Don't move!
Wait Emma. don't touch him.
[Emma]
It's okay Quinn.
[Emma] I knew I was
able to bring my brother
back even though it was hard to believe.
I was seeing him with my own eyes.
He was here.
Grandma was shocked and cautious.
she wouldn’t let me go near him.
She believed Quinn was surrounded
with lemurian energy.
I just stood there. I had no emotions.
There was something not right. Quinn
was different.
He looked older. Something or someone
took the life out of his eyes.
Something just wasn't right.
[Crickets]
[Emma] On the last night I
saw Cyan. she told me the
reason she could see her
was because I was very special.
She said they are preparing people like me
to be ready to help
them when the time came.
To help our planet and the human race
heal.
She told me they’re
more like her. and they too
are preparing others like
me when the time comes.
[Rumbling]
[Cosmic sounds]
[Birds Chirping]
[Emma] Months after my
brother came home. and was
acting more like himself.
he told me about his gifts.
I can not but wonder if he was being
prepared for the time Cyan spoke of.
And if so. we are waiting. we are ready.
[Low rumbling]